>> Francesca Sadikin: You guys are
actually pretty good at this, I gotta say.
[LAUGH] I've done this
exercise a few times, and
sometimes it takes a little bit more
prodding, but yeah, you guys are great.
So I will wrap up this exercise.
Hopefully, if we did this right, [LAUGH]
we were all starting to form at least
a bit of a connection to each other,
maybe not like we're friends, but
like you could feel we saw each
other as more of humans, right?
So some takeaways here, hopefully,
was a little more clear
once you've experienced it.
But when we share something and
feel the other person's genuine desire,
to hear and understand us, that is what
starts fostering the seat of connection.
Trying to move conversations to why, and
most importantly, the emotions generates,
the most connection-filled conversations
and relationship building.
So what is great for
information gathering, but
it's not great when you're
trying to get to know somebody.
To be authentic is to be vulnerable, so
people will only share
if it's a safe space.
You gotta create it by you gotta filter
out all of your negative emotions and
just focus on the other person.
And remember that the act of listening
techniques is used to tell the other
person that we do want to hear you,
we want to understand you, and
we're providing you more space to share.
>> Francesca Sadikin: And
the last takeaway here is just authentic
connections with others create lasting
positive impressions and opens doors for
new opportunities.
So if you forgot, why are we doing
authentic [LAUGH] connections?
This is why [LAUGH],
this is meant to help you actually be able
to show up better in the relationships
that you want to create,
which will then lead to opportunities.